https://codepen.io/brian-meyer/pen/rNaVgxr

1. What is Semantic HTML? tags with meaning
2. What is HTML used for? providing an outline of what we want to say in the coding
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? an attribute are words inside an opening tag to control the behavior
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is used for main titles and we should only use it when we start an article
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. select and textarea
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head>
    7. What is an id? identifies one section inside that class
    8. What elements can I add an id to? pictures, links
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? one time
    10. What is a class? collection of properties
    11. What elements can I add a class to? <p> 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? there is no technical limit but shouldn't be too many of one class
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? with target-name and target-new
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? it's an HTML attribute used to specify alternative text
    15. How do I reference an id? with the # symbol
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. There is no difference to these besides the semantics of them.
    17. What is CSS used for? controlling the layout of webpages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? with .class 
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? selects all elements that are a child to the specific element When would this be useful? when you want to use one specific element that has more than 1 inside that class
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?div sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? acts like if you added a class to an element in your code
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? we use the text-transform Property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? we use the asterisk * 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? //*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -f, very dangerous because you can never get it back
    34. Why should I use version control? it's very easy to keep track of changes in your work when you work in groups
    35. How often should I commit to github? on lunch break and when leaving work
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. Fork
    2. Add TL as collaborator
    3. git clone link cd ~/theprojectdirectory
    4. git checkout -b 'your-name'
    5. git status
    6. git add .
    7. git commit -m 'added new changes'
    8. git push -u origin 'your-name'
    9. create pull request
    10. add PM as reviewer
